docs/index.asciidoc, before:

:plugin: sleep
:type: filter

///////////////////////////////////////////
START - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////
:version: %VERSION%
:release_date: %RELEASE_DATE%
:changelog_url: %CHANGELOG_URL%
:include_path: ../../../../logstash/docs/include
///////////////////////////////////////////
END - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}"]

=== Sleep filter plugin

include::{include_path}/plugin_header.asciidoc[]

==== Description

Sleep a given amount of time. This will cause logstash
to stall for the given amount of time. This is useful
for rate limiting, etc.


[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-options"]
==== Sleep Filter Configuration Options

This plugin supports the following configuration options plus the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> described later.

[cols="<,<,<",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Setting |Input type|Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-every>> |<<string,string>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-replay>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-time>> |<<string,string>>|No
|=======================================================================

Also see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> for a list of options supported by all
filter plugins.

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-every"]
===== `every` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Default value is `1`

Sleep on every N'th. This option is ignored in replay mode.

Example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        time => "1"   # Sleep 1 second
        every => 10   # on every 10th event
      }
    }

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-replay"]
===== `replay` 

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

Enable replay mode.

Replay mode tries to sleep based on timestamps in each event.

The amount of time to sleep is computed by subtracting the
previous event's timestamp from the current event's timestamp.
This helps you replay events in the same timeline as original.

If you specify a `time` setting as well, this filter will
use the `time` value as a speed modifier. For example,
a `time` value of 2 will replay at double speed, while a
value of 0.25 will replay at 1/4th speed.

For example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        time => 2
        replay => true
      }
    }

The above will sleep in such a way that it will perform
replay 2-times faster than the original time speed.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-time"]
===== `time` 

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

The length of time to sleep, in seconds, for every event.

This can be a number (eg, 0.5), or a string (eg, `%{foo}`)
The second form (string with a field value) is useful if
you have an attribute of your event that you want to use
to indicate the amount of time to sleep.

Example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        # Sleep 1 second for every event.
        time => "1"
      }
    }



[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options"]
include::{include_path}/{type}.asciidoc[]

Commit message:

cooldown and threshold for replay mode

docs/index.asciidoc, after:

:plugin: sleep
:type: filter

///////////////////////////////////////////
START - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////
:version: %VERSION%
:release_date: %RELEASE_DATE%
:changelog_url: %CHANGELOG_URL%
:include_path: ../../../../logstash/docs/include
///////////////////////////////////////////
END - GENERATED VARIABLES, DO NOT EDIT!
///////////////////////////////////////////

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}"]

=== Sleep filter plugin

include::{include_path}/plugin_header.asciidoc[]

==== Description

Sleep a given amount of time. This will cause logstash
to stall for the given amount of time. This is useful
for rate limiting, etc.


[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-options"]
==== Sleep Filter Configuration Options

This plugin supports the following configuration options plus the <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> described later.

[cols="<,<,<",options="header",]
|=======================================================================
|Setting |Input type|Required
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-every>> |<<string,string>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-replay>> |<<boolean,boolean>>|No
| <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-time>> |<<string,string>>|No
|=======================================================================

Also see <<plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options>> for a list of options supported by all
filter plugins.

&nbsp;

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-every"]
===== `every`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * Default value is `1`

Sleep on every N'th. This option is ignored in replay mode.

Example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        time => "1"   # Sleep 1 second
        every => 10   # on every 10th event
      }
    }

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-replay"]
===== `replay`

  * Value type is <<boolean,boolean>>
  * Default value is `false`

Enable replay mode.

Replay mode tries to sleep based on timestamps in each event.

The amount of time to sleep is computed by subtracting the
previous event's timestamp from the current event's timestamp.
This helps you replay events in the same timeline as original.
You can specify a `threshold` to limit time to sleep.
No limit is set by default.

If you specify a `cooldown` setting, this will calculate time
to sleep to ensure minimum length of time that the event
needs to wait before it can be replayed.

If you specify a `time` setting as well, this filter will
use the `time` value as a speed modifier. For example,
a `time` value of 2 will replay at double speed, while a
value of 0.25 will replay at 1/4th speed.

For example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        time => 2
        replay => true
        threshold => 5
        cooldown => 30
      }
    }

The above will sleep in such a way that it will perform
replay 2-times faster than the original time speed.
The 5 seconds threshold will be used to limit time to sleep.
Pipeline will sleep as much as needed to ensure 30 seconds cooldown for each event.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-time"]
===== `time`

  * Value type is <<string,string>>
  * There is no default value for this setting.

The length of time to sleep, in seconds, for every event.

This can be a number (eg, 0.5), or a string (eg, `%{foo}`)
The second form (string with a field value) is useful if
you have an attribute of your event that you want to use
to indicate the amount of time to sleep.

Example:
[source,ruby]
    filter {
      sleep {
        # Sleep 1 second for every event.
        time => "1"
      }
    }



[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-common-options"]
include::{include_path}/{type}.asciidoc[]
